You have to understand your own personal DNA. Don't do things because I do them or Steve Jobs or Mark Cuban tried it. You need to know your personal brand and stay true to it.
Regardless of what you're trying to accomplish you've got to tell the world about it.
Skills are cheap. Passion is priceless.
No matter what you do, your job is to tell your story.
Look yourself in the mirror and ask yourself, what do I want to do every day for the rest of my life…do that.
Trust is on the rise because transparency is on the rise
of what we deal every day in business doesn't matter. If you religiously follow the few core business philosophies that mean the most to you, everything else will naturally fall into place.
If you fail and people laugh at you, they're not worth your time. Ignore them.
Cash is oxygen. You can make the greatest cup of coffee, the greatest sneaker, the greatest TV show, or the greatest work of art ever, but if you can't sell your product you are out of business.
What's the ROI of a piano? To me, it's zero. For Billy Joel and Elton John, it has been substantial.
It's easy to dream about it … Much harder to
How do you make people buy in? You don't. I speak only to the converted, and you should do the same.
Retention is the game. The game in business is not how many customers you can get, it's how many you can keep.
The game for me is not acquisition, it's lifetime value and the percentage of wallet I get from that person.
Provide 51% of the value in a relationship, whether it's with an employee, a client, or a stranger.
You can't live your life based on other people's point of view. I am tired of people not starting and living their life on one very simple thing which is they're worried about what other people think.
Smart work will never replace hard work, it only supplements it.
People are your most important commodity.
Never be romantic about how you make your money.
If your work is great, that becomes your reputation, and that becomes the gateway drug to bring business into your sales funnel.
The truth is that finding happiness in what you do every day is so imperative.
You didn't grow up driving…you figured it out.
There is never a bad time to start a business – unless you want to start a mediocre one.
Time – the one asset none of us are ever gonna get more of.
All your ideas may be solid or even good. But you have to actually EXECUTE on them for them to matter.
Love your family, work super hard, live your passion.
I'm just always looking forwards. I spend very little time, looking backwards
Effort is grossly underrated.
You can market your ass off, but if your product sucks, you're dead.
Legacy is greater than currency.
I hate how many people think glass half-empty when their glass is really four-fifths full. I'm grateful when I have one drop in the glass because I know exactly what to do with it.
If you live for the weekends and vacations, your shit is broken.
You need to spend all of your time and energy on creating something that actually brings value to the people you're asking for money!
Stop whining, start hustling.
Know the philosophy, know the details, and ignore everything in the middle.
We only get to play this game one time…one life.
Whether you're 9 or 90, stop trying to fix the things you're bad at, and focus on the things you're good at.
When it call comes down to it, nothing trumps execution.
Your legacy is being written by yourself. Make the right decisions.
A penguin cannot become a giraffe, so just be the best penguin you can be.
It's easy to dream about it … Much harder to execute it ….Work!
Relationships are leverage. If you give value to someone else first, you have leverage.
Stop
I attract a crowd, not because I'm an extrovert or I'm over the top or I'm oozing with charisma. It's because I care.
Word of mouth works now, much more than ever. @-reply every single person.
Brands mature over time, like a marriage. The bond you feel with your spouse is different than when you first met each other. Excitement and discovery are replaced by comfort and depth.
The reason I was able to grow my business was that every day, after producing 30 minutes of wine television, I spent 15 hours a day replying to every single person's e-mail and every single person's Twitter @ reply.
People are chasing cash, not happiness. When you chase money, you're going to lose. You're just going to. Even if you get the money, you're not going to be happy.
There's not a single winner on the earth that took it easy.
You can't be heard if you're not communicating.
Buy into positivity versus negativity. Blindly buy into positivity. Positivity leads to offense and results. It's the macro of it all.
Ultimately, a value exchange matters the most. No matter what, if you bring somebody value, if you make somebody laugh, if you make somebody think, if you deliver on your promise, that is always going to work out, no matter how you do that.
Can't wait for Instagram to get rid of likes. Hoping it leads to the elimination of public vanity metrics. Really believe it will lead to an explosion of creativity and truth.
How can you give a fuck what people think when they don't have the full picture? And more importantly, how can you judge someone when you don't have the full picture?
Your dreams don't have to be "big" they have to be yours.
Fuck everything.
Those who spit hate out there mouth are wildly broken inside, I'm not mad at them, I feel sorry as fuck for them
Give me kind as fuck and "B" skills over Complete asshole with "A+" skills. How you interact with the other boys and girls matters the most
Slow down the macro (you got time in life)…speed up the micro (get more done daily)
Be aggressively kind! If you are really happy inside – share that shit. Cause the angry are better at expressing it and it's time we change that ❤️💛💙
Losing and winning both matter! Don't protect against them.
I suck at selling, I'm great I'm talking about the things I care about.
The ability to not care about anybody else's opinions is the singular gateway to happiness
You don't defeat hate with hate, you defeat hate with love at scale.
Being yourself is so much easier 😉 Who you trying to impress?
Stop judging yourself, so many beating themselves up, did you try as hard as you could? Did you have good intent? Good, you won.
Reputation is the ultimate currency
If you're a CEO and your employees aren't performing, that's on you. Solving it comes down to 3 things:
Take the blame
Communicate better
Tell them they're not executing at the level you're hoping for. Then ask, "what can I do to help?"
Make happiness louder.
Your focus on hating yesterday is killing your opportunity to love tomorrow.
Sacrificing for what you want ✅ Suffering for what you want 🚫
Self awareness is ♥️ We all do it different! Be you!
Hoping today is a day you get an insight on yourself and it leads to more happiness.
If you're not dreaming big for yourself, who's doing it for you?
When you stay in your lane and speak about things you've lived and have done, it tends to work out
Supply and demand is undefeated.
Gratitude is the cure
People are better at creating ceiling for themselves than any outside force.
For me, happiness is doing what you want to do at all times.
If you're so happy, then start putting happiness out into the universe.
You don't have to eliminate negative family, you have to limit it.
Happiness over flashiness – stop the confusion.
 There are people here that work more on upgrading their phones than upgrading their minds.
I genuinely like people, have compassion and understanding when things don't go well with them! Love and adore their capacity and the overall warmth and good we have in the world. Perspective is a powerful thing. If you see this, thank you 💙
People aren't willing to sacrifice for what they want
Kindness is karma
Moving is important because you can change the course.
Anger and retaliation is never the reaction to venom. Never.
Practice positive perspective: 3P's.
I like the game of thinking, whether it's winning or losing.
People want to succeed so fast because they want to prove something to somebody else. That's what makes them vulnerable.
By the age of 7, 80% of my activities outside were business.
I'm such an animal of the market, that's what makes me so adaptable.
I'm never comfortable because I know that yesterday is vulnerable tomorrow.
Don't judge the end of the first quarter.
I don't want your money, I want your admiration.
A lot of you are looking for the next step, when the next step is what got you there in the first place.
If you're good enough, no one is stopping you.
You can't beat what you copy.
Kids… want to be happy? Get off your parents payroll, the quicker they stop paying for stuff, the sooner they have no "say"
You find what you're looking for.
Everyone is trying to prove something with final results or showing they bought something.
If you tell everyone you're going to do something and you change your mind 100 days in, that's a strength not a weakness.
You either want to become the "magazine" or the person they put on the front of the "magazine."
Gratitude > cynicism is clearly the framework lacking for many.
I lack entitlement. It's my strength.
Something that happened yesterday, has nothing to do with tomorrow.
Too many people "want things" but aren't willing to take a step backwards and pay the price associated with their ambition. They lack the humility and patience for happiness and success.
Want to prove something? Prove that you are enjoying the process of figuring yourself out and chasing your current ambitions and curiosities.
You don't want what your friends want, so why the fuck would you care?
You can't read about pushups. What makes you think reading inspirational quotes all day is gonna get you "there".
If you 100% enjoy the chaos and the unknown, you're an entrepreneur.
The biggest asset in the world is your mindset
Every parent is judging their kids based on yesterday, but your kids are living in today, which is a better indicator of tomorrow
You fucked up. They're 49% of the equation, you are 51.
If you think about business like a computer, culture is the operating system. Everything else is an "app." Finance is an app. Creative is an app. Strategy is an app. But culture is the operating system.
Instead of "burnout" let's call it "I changed my mind."
When you find something you like and you're good at it, life is a lot better than when you only chase money or dwell that the system is against you.
Makes me actually laugh how many people think kindness is a weakness… its the ultimate strength.
It makes no sense why people think that at 18, 22, 30, that they have to have their life figured out when "figuring everything out" is a forever game.
Kindness is such a signature of the strong.
No matter where you start, how you finish is on you.
Nobody owes you shit.
Looking backwards fucks with your neck.
Life is more like boxing. Just win today's fight.
Shit changes …. get used to it.
Don't waste energy. Focus on what you control. Not what you wish you controlled.
Wanna be happy? Have zero expectations of others.
The quotes are simple. The execution is hard.
It's possible. The question is are you hungry enough and willing to fucking eat shit, or are you soft?
Google is your mother.
I don't want the money, I want the freedom.
If you live for weekends and vacations, your shit is broken.
GaryVee quotes -- You're not lost, you're just early in the process.
 You're not lost. You're just early in the process.
My lack of education allows me to keep things very simple. But simple is what plays out.
You're not entitled to your dreams
More kindness, less judgment.
The Internet doesn't care that you're not interested in learning. It will continue to evolve without you.
When you're a CEO or an executive, your job is to make decisions. Not sit in a conference room for an hour and 43 minutes to make a judgement call that could've been made in 17 minutes.
I'm educating… and my tuition is free.
Nothing great should be easy.
Don't waste energy … focus on what you control, not what you wish you controlled.
When you realize how unimportant you are to 99.999999999% of people, their judgment losses weight. They aren't worried about you, they have their own shit
Stop buying dumb shit to make people you don't even like think you're doing well.
GaryVee Quotes -- Stop buying dumb shit to make people you don't even like think you're doing well.
The difference between a great CEO and one who isn't is that one understands they're a "parent", while the other thinks they're a "babysitter."
Limit your time with people who see the downside of every situation.
People want to succeed fast because they want to prove something to somebody else. That's what makes them vulnerable.
We have a whole culture that is disproportionately judging the youth that they fucking parented.
Speed is the ROI of not caring what people think.
Don't create "fake environments" for your kids. They'll fall hard later in life.
I'm not trying to be cool, I'm trying to be happy.
Stop giving a fuck what other people think.
When you do what you love, you're consistent as fuck.
You're gonna die, do something about it.
You're not lazy, you just don't love what you do.
You move fast when you don't pay attention to judgement.
I don't give a fuck about what anybody thinks about me, because they don't know who the fuck I am inside.
Happiness over money.
When you're grateful, you see full cups!
Allowing people's opinion to dictate your behavior, has to stop.
Instead of reading chapters 1, 2 and 3 start writing 4, 5, and 6.
Want to be happy? Have zero expectations of others.
People lose because they want things fast. When life is long.
How you make your money is more important than how much you make.
Nobody likes transition when it costs them money, the problem is the market doesn't care about you.
If you're complaining, you have to check your receipts.
The amount of people seeing this in their feed on Instagram that don't believe in what they sell is devastating.
There's nothing passive about building wealth. There is no fucking system. There is no fucking shortcut. It's a fucking marathon.
Drink $50 coffee if you are happy and don't complain, but if you're crying, check your bills!
Everybody's so crippled by decisions, but you'll never know how the other thing worked out.
I think people overthink decisions. There's no time machine, there's no future machine – you'll never know what the alternative would have been. So just pick one and do it!
I just don't think your degree is as safe as you think.
There is no perfect decision, there's just life.
Nobody is paying their bills with followers.
Instant noodles are delicious when you're trying to get to caviar.
Authenticity is only achievable when it's actually authentic.
Having a global footprint allows your to adjust to different micro scenarios
I'm never off.
The market is my mentor.
It's possible. The question is are you hungry enough and willing to fucking eat shit, or are you soft?
So much is working for me right now because on paper, so much did not work for me as a child.
I love the game, not the trophies that come from winning the game.
We lack patience, which leads to shit behavior because you're looking for a quick score.
I'm an Anthropologist.
Admiration is a lot more exciting than a couple extra 0s in your bank account.
You're in control of everything, Every Fucking Thing. Your parents, husband, wife, boy, girl, sister, grandmother suck? Are negative? Limit those fuckers! Limit those fuckers!!!!!
"No" is an entrepreneurs best friend.
Nobody wants to make the sacrifices, they only want the upside of entrepreneurship.
Kindness and compassion are THE strengths, don't let anyone confuse you.
My great passion is to redefine what success looks like, and turn it from something that's focused entirely on money, to happiness and feeling "light" inside.
If I could wish anyone anything besides health, it would be emotional intelligence. It is the skill of life.
Giving more than you take is an incredible way to get.
Happiness is remarkably quiet, and negativity is extremely loud – don't let that confuse you of how great things are.
Once you realize that nobody gives a fuck, shit gets real interesting.
I don't require my employees to live the same framework I live in terms of work ethic – it's not their business.
I am desperate to be the person that provides the most value for free.
Everybody wants it fast and easy but in their actions they're slow.
The interesting thing though for that 80% that are looking for it, is 98% of them won't do anything about it. That is what's interesting to me.
I go on stage because I'm on operator, not a commentator.
I love "no." I love your judgement. I love you telling me i'm not or I cant. I'm used to it.
Kindness is the ultimate strength in our society.
The problem is 98% of people are sitting on 50/50 their whole fuckin life, which means they're 0/0.
You'll never know what the alternative would have been. You pick one and you never ever ever even consider to look back.
Until you go through it, you won't know.
To look at two ideas and think that you can practically make a good decision is laughable. Literally flip a coin.
My losses are mine, i'll deal with them myself. I don't hear others' 2 cents because they're losing plenty on their own.
If you don't give a fuck about what people think, you can do everything.
I don't even respect my losses, I don't even give them the time to teach me anything. I fuckin look them in the face and say fuck you then keep going.
Way too many of you dwell on your losses, it's holding you back. It's over, move the fuck on!
You can do everything wrong for the next 10 years of your life and still be young as fuck.
Entrepreneurship is cool now. And if you're in this just to flex on instagram, you're going to lose.
I was willing to do it because it was all i could do.
I'm too grounded in practicality to be a talker. I would be embarrassed to talk and not execute.
I'm unbelievably fine with not achieving my goals. I'm not fine with not trying too.
I love losing, believe it or not, because that means i deserved it.
I think changing your mind all of the time is the core strength of a human being.
Why do people dream and not do? They're insecure.
At the end of the day things, have to become practical.
You're not gonna know. Choose, live. If it works out great and if it doesn't adjust.
There's no right answer, there's only your actual path.
If you do hire that person to do all of the defense shit, it lets you go on the offense and your growth accelerates even greater than your cost.
I've put my businesses ahead of myself everyday of my life in my career, which is why I built huge businesses.
Most people build businesses so that they can buy shit from the business and take, I feed the business.
Doing always beats thinking, the end.
Everyone still values their time or they're so insecure about other people judging their decision that they don't fucking make.
The ability to not care about anybody else's opinions is the singular gateway to happiness.
You don't defeat hate with hate, you defeat hate with love at scale.
Blaming ——-> easy
Accountability ———-> hard
Most good things are hard.
Save money ! $ it's a good idea
Be kind! ♥️
Doing always beats thinking, the end
I lack entitlement. It's my strength
The #1 thing that fascinates me about people is they take the past and give it so much credit and they underestimate the current and the future.
The only decision that needs to be made, is the one that you will regret the least when you're 90.
Never, ever be at the mercy of somebody else.
Something that happened yesterday, has nothing to do with tomorrow.
If your parents are paying for any part of your lifestyle and you're over 22 and you shit on them behind their backs for not helping more…you need to rethink your perspective on life.
I didn't fail school, school failed me. School fails entrepreneurs everyday, because it's not built for entrepreneurs, it's built for workers.
Your grandparents went through war and the depression and now you're crying because you don't have 1,000 followers? Get the fuck out of here.
Roll up to that cute girl in the bar and ask her out. Roll up on that good looking dude and take him out for coffee. Roll up on your business idea and make it happen. Because being 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, and having regrets that you didn't swing the bat is the worst regret of them all.
If you live for weekends and vacations, your shit is broken.
Nobody gives a fuck about your feelings.
It's easy to dream about it… much harder to execute it. Work!
Once you are happy for people instead of envious, you can start the process of getting to a happy place.
Don't waste energy. Focus on what you control. Not what you wish you controlled.
If your voice in your head is mean to you. Remember that someone manipulated that voice and instilled it in you. Kill that fake voice and find yours. I love you. Now love yourself.
Everyone else sucks too, they might just be better at faking it than you.
You can't love it just when it's convenient.
I'm educating… and my tuition is free
When you give and you have an expectation, you are not a good person, you are a manipulator.
If you're a CEO and your employees aren't performing, that's on you.
Solving it comes down to 3 things:
Take the blame
Communicate better
Tell them they're not executing at the level you're hoping for. Then ask, "what can I do to help?"
Then actually start helping.
You can't be the best at something in the world… passively.
Nothing that's happened in the past is holding you back from the future.
Humans find what they're looking for on social media. If you're looking for a fight and negativity, you're gonna find it. If you're looking for happiness and positivity, you're gonna find it at scale
You aren't guaranteed to win, but you are guaranteed an "at bat" and that makes this world we live in fucking amazing!
Life is still high school! People are still so worried about other people's opinions and are confused that they think the world revolves around them.
Get over yourself and go enjoy your life.